Loan to buy a house
Boy is out of money
Just the full amount of this set.
Optimistic about Mr. Liu's set of 13.41 million
Brother Liu, you are amazing
How to punish
You think you do those things to shake
I'll tell you what.
It's all drizzle
I am still me
Do you want me to borrow it for you to pay the down payment?
I tell you there's money in the dust
At his price
You can buy whichever set you want here.
Yes, yes, it's all a dream anyway
you
Material who material me
You are going too far.
Ugly eight, how dare you hit my woman?
Dangdang is good
Just shut your mouth
Today, the little darling asked the boss.
I can give you 5% off.
OK, I'll take it.
I'll let you buy it.
Hey dad, give me 100 million now
I'll buy it all.
Do you want 100 million or 10 million?
You choose.